---
layout: privacy
title: Privacy Policy
date: 2024-05-15
last_modified_at: 2024-05-15
---
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 15 May 2024.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
- "Account" means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- "Company" (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Khrizs Industries
- "Country" refers to Canada.
- "Cookies" are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- "Device" means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.
- "Personal Data" is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- "Service" refers to the Website and Discord Application.
- "Service Provider" means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- "Usage Data" refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- "Website" refers to khris.win
- "You" means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
- Usernames, Discord and/or Roblox
- Account Indentifiers, Discord and/or Roblox
- Usage Data

#### Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's country location, browser type, and supported browser features.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:
- Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
- Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to filter legitimate uses of Our Services. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
- Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

#### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
- To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

## Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed in Canada and in any other places where Service Providors involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. 

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
#### Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## CloudFlare
To secure our website and to optimize loading times, we use the CloudFlare CDN (content delivery network) which is a service of Cloudflare Inc., 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, California 94107, USA, hereinafter referred to as "CloudFlare".

By using Our Services, CloudFlare collects statistical data and uses a cookie to deliver their service. Data includes:

- your IP address;
- the page(s) on our site that you access;
- type and version of internet browser you are using;
- your operating system;
- the website from which you came prior to visiting our website (referrer URL);
- your length of stay on our site; and 
- the frequency with which our pages are accessed.
- 
If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser which may affect your ability to use Our Services.

CloudFlare's privacy policy is found here: [https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/](https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/)

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
- By sending us an email: [privacy@khris.win](mailto:privacy@khris.win)
